How to build LS-DOS 6.3.1 in several easy steps-----------------------------------------------This version dated May 25th, 1998, revised May 29, 2000, by Frank Durda IVCopyright 1998, 2000, all rights reserved.  No part of this document may beredistributed in any form, including placing it in a location where it canbe retrieved by others.  This material may not be placed on web or FTP sites.------------------------------------------------------------------------------First, set up two empty partitions on your hard disk, drive 3 and drive 2.Drive 3 will contain the source files, JCL and some tools.  Dependingon the granule size, you will need around 2.7Megabytes for drive 3.Drive 2 will be the target, and things work a lot better if there isn'tanything else on this logical drive.  Depending on your granule size,you will need about 800K.  Don't try to do the build with drive 2 beinga floppy.  It will take forever and won't fit.  Don't try to alter the scriptsto use a single drive for source and destination.  You are likely to end upwith garbage.(Note to floppy-only readers:   It is possible to build the system using three or four floppy drives, but it will be very difficult and 100% manual. I suggest printing out the various /JCL files mentioned below and follow their steps manually, constantly checking for sufficient free space on the target floppy drive.  After building the core OS, copy the needed /REF and /EQU files that were generated to a fresh floppy and use that to build the libraries.  A third blank floppy with the /EQU and /REF files can build the utilities and other bits of the system.  Then the results of those three floppies can be recombined into a finished boot floppy.   Doing this all by hand will be very very slow work, so if there is any way possible, locate and use a hard disk drive.  If you only have three real floppy drives, use the SYSTEM (DRIVE command to change drive 1 to be logical drive 2 and real drive 2 to be logical drive 3.)A lot of intermediate files get generated during the build and these also endup on drive 2.  Since you are only allowed a few hundred files at most on agiven drive, be sure to monitor how many free file slots you have left beforestarting a lengthy build process.Copy the source files and related stuff to drive 3.  Drive 2 should beempty, remember?You can write-protect drive 0 and 1 while doing the build.  I do.Supposedly Drive 3 can also be write-protected if you want.  I didn't botherwith this precaution.Now, make sure you don't have any drivers, filters, or what-nots loadedin high memory.  A MEMORY command should show HIGH at 0XFFFF or within200 bytes or so.  If anything strange happens during the build, such asthe message "Symbol table overflow", get rid of more junk in high memory.EDAS and the library generating tools use lots of memory and don't handleshortages very well.Ok, decide what version you want to build and visit the BUILDVER/ASMfile and set the appropriate switches.   There are also switches inLOWCORE/ASM that you may want to set as well, if you are really brave.(If you change anything in LOWCORE/ASM, be sure to reassemble EVERYTHING!)Ready?  So do the main build with the command:	DO LSDOS63and you will be presented with a menu.  If this is your first time to dothis, select 7 (build EVERYTHING).  Now, go away for an hour or so.(Your times will be faster if you aren't running at 4MHz.)On your return, you would like to see a message saying something about"Enhancements installed successfully" and a prompt.  If you see"Job Aborted", then you broke something.  The most likely cause is that youdidn't free enough high memory or you ran out of disk space or free directoryslots somewhere.  Again, things work best if drive 2 is empty when you start.The LSDOS63/JCL script didn't really build everything.  It built all theutilities, all the library modules and all the SYS files except SYS6, 7 and 8.It also didn't build the DOS/HLP file.The instructions on how to build the SYS6, 7 and 8 scrolled off the screenabout halfway through the LSDOS63/JCL file, but don't panic.  If thebuild was successful (BE SURE THAT IT WAS), type	DO GENLIBand this will generate the standard libraries SYS6, SYS7 and SYS8.  Thereis also a JCL file that generates the Small libraries, as in the oldSMALL-DOS.  I have no idea if this works on 6.3.1, since I haven't seen small libraries used since LDOS 5, so stick to the main script for now.Now you will have SYS0/CMD through SYS13/CMD.  These are simply renamedinto /SYS files when copied to the master disk, and there is yet-anotherJCL file that will do this for you and set the extra directory file flags.You can do this later on.Also note the file LOWCORE/CIM, which is the equivalent of BOOT/SYS onbootable media.  The non-bootable BOOT/SYS is generated by the FORMATprogram.To build the DOS/HLP, there is no JCL, so you have to do it yourself:	HELPG60when it asks for the source file, type   HELPM4F/TXT:3when it asks for the destination, type   DOS/HLP:2If a copy already exists, it will ask if it is OK to destroy.  Say "Y".You now have all the files needed to create a distribution diskette.The files that are not on drive 2 (MODELA/III and BASIC/OV1) are ondrive 3 and can be copied directly to the distribution diskette.The JCLs OPT63/JCL and COPY63/JCL both build a distribution diskette,with OPT63/JCL trying to place the files more optimally.  COPY63/JCLjust copies them.A few other files of interest LDOS/EQU:2 and SYS0/EQU:2 contain equatesother programs may need to interface to things in resident memory.These used to be distributed with the assembly language developmentpackages, so don't just toss these.  You may need them.Also, be sure you always specify drive 2 when getting files, sincemany of the files also exist on drive 0, and you probably didn'twant those.Important note about PATCH USING files.  PATCH refuses to accept a patchfile that contains 0x1A, which some editors insert as an EOF.  The ALDSALEDIT is one such program, and files moved back and forth between MS-DOSand LS-DOS 6 can also pick up this character.  The editor LED62 ondrive 3 can delete this character from the bottom of such files.  LED62 is also one of the few editors that can edit the HELPM4F/TXT file, that uses CONTROL-L characters as formatting flags.That's about all you will need, so good luck!				Frank Durda IV, May 25th, 1998/May 29th, 2000