A few words about the LS-DOS source code distribution on MS-DOS format media.

MSDOS.TXT							29-May-2000

For the MS-DOS distribution package, the files comprising the LS-DOS operating
system and build environment have been imported from LS-DOS, and stored
in subdirectories named after the 360K floppy diskette they were originally
distributed on.  The contents of several of these disks are stored on the
LS-DOS logical drive 3 in order to perform the standard operating system
build, while the remainder go on other specified drives.

Because you may wish to view the ASCII format files using MS-DOS, text files
have been converted to contain the CR/LF sequence required by the MS-DOS
environment.  Binary files are untouched.  This material can be found in the
directories named "DISK1", "DISK2", "DISK3", and so on.

Note that files converted to the MS-DOS CR/LF format also have a trailing
CTRL-Z appended to the file as part of the MS-DOS conversion.  (This is done
by the SuperCross utility that was used to perform the conversion.)

The presence of this extra character may cause problems with certain LS-DOS
programs, notably PATCH.  If you do have problems, remove this extra
character from the offending text files.  The LED62 editor (included) can do
this.

If you plan to move these files to a UNIX or UNIX-like environment where
only LF is used to separate lines (instead of just CR used in LS-DOS and
CR/LF used in MS-DOS), I suggest using the FTP utility and its ASCII mode
on the text files (TXT, JCL, EQU, ASM, SRC, etc), which will take care of
converting them to whatever format is correct for the destination system.
The FTP BINARY mode should be used for moving the binary files (CMD, CIM,
DCT, FLT, REF, HLP, III, etc).

The directories "DISK1I", "DISK2I", "DISK3I", etc contain the same files,
but all files are in these directories are in the original LS-DOS file
format, and these are suitable for use in a LS-DOS operating system
environment.

The directory "DIRS" contains directory listings of the LS-DOS format
distribution, which can be helpful if you want to restore the permissions
and other attributes to the files, values that are lost when the data is
imported into a MS-DOS disk format.

The file "LABELS.TXT" contains the information from the diskette labels used
in the LS-DOS format distribution.  These are helpful in showing where
various files must be placed in order for the build process to work.

The "BUILD.TXT" file contains documentation on how to set up the environment
needed to build the LS-DOS operating system, and then how to perform the
build process.

Copyright 1998, 2000, M. A. D. Software
P. O. Box 331323
Fort Worth Texas 76163-1323

