MAPMEM(U)							MAPMEM(U)	  (C) 1990, 1991 M. A. D. Software, All Rights Reserved.Name	MAPMEM - Displays memory utilization.Syntax	MAPMEM [-demprst] [> file | device] [; command]DescriptionMAPMEM produces a detailed report on memory utilization.  Each memory moduleis identified and listed according to type (disk, character, other).  Thelocation and size information is also displayed.By default, MAPMEM displays a summary of low and high memory, the namesand locations of memory modules that support each active logical drive, andfinally the modules that support all active character devices.  Options areprovided to reduce the amount of information displayed or alter the format.The options are:-d	The lengths of modules are displayed in decimal instead of hex.-e	Only memory modules associated with character devices are displayed.-r	Only memory modules associated with disk drivers are displayed.-m	A summary of memory utilization is produced.-s	Same as -m.-p	The output is redirected to *PR.-t	The titles are not displayed.> filespec or devicespec	*NIX file redirection.  By specifying a file or device, the output	is sent to this file instead of the display.;command	After MAPMEM completes, the remainder of the command line is executed	as a second command.  MAPMEM;DATE will display a memory map, then the	date.<SHIFT>@	When pressed during output to the display, the output will be paused	between sections.  Pressing any other key resumes output.  Ignored	when output is redirected.MAPMEM uses the file MAPMEM/TXT to provide the descriptions for each memorymodule.  This file can be updated so that MAPMEM can recognize additionalmemory modules.  The format of the file is:  drivername <TAB> descriptionAn example is:		$FD	LS-DOS Floppy disk driverThe description can be up to 35 characters long.  There can be up to 50entries MAPMEM/TXT.  Additional information is provided in MAPMEM/TXT.				Page  1Files	MAPMEM/TXT	Contains memory module descriptionsIf you need more information on MAPMEM or if you want to obtain the LDOS 5.x/version, please write to M.A.D. Software, P.O. Box 331323, Ft. Worth Texas,76163.  Please include a Self-Addressed-Stamped-Envelope when requestinginformation.------112101